1. Purpose of processing personal information ('apps and sites provided by OVJECT', hereinafter referred to as 'OVJECT') processes personal information for the following purposes and does not use it for any purpose other than the following.
- Confirmation of the customer's intention to subscribe, identification and authentication for the provision of services to the customer, maintenance and management of membership, payment for the provision of goods or services, provision and delivery of goods or services, etc.


2. Processing and retention period of personal information

('Apps and sites provided by OVJECT' hereinafter referred to as 'OVJECT') shall process and retain personal information within the period of personal information retention and use agreed upon when collecting personal information from the information subject or the period of personal information retention and use in accordance with laws and regulations.

The specific personal information processing and retention periods are as follows.
☞ Refer to the examples below to list the personal information processing tasks, retention periods for personal information processing tasks, related laws and regulations, and grounds.
(Example)- Customer registration and management: Until the termination of the service use contract or membership, but in the event of a debt or debt relationship, until the settlement of such debt or debt relationship.
- Records of contracts, withdrawal of contracts, payment, and supply of goods in e-commerce: 5 years



3. Rights and obligations of the information subject and legal representative and how to exercise them The user may exercise the following rights as a personal information subject.

The information subject may exercise the following rights related to personal information protection at any time for OVJECT ('apps and sites provided by OVJECT' hereinafter referred to as 'OVJECT').
1. Request to view personal information
2. Request for correction in case of errors, etc.
3. request deletion
4. request suspension of processing



4. Create an entry for personal information processed

('Apps and sites provided by OVJECT', hereinafter 'OVJECT') processes the following personal information items.

1<Login (not yet receiving personal information)
- Required: Email, Login ID
- Optional: Cookies




5. Destruction of personal information ('OVJECT'), in principle, destroys the personal information without delay when the purpose of personal information processing is achieved. The procedure, deadline and method of destruction are as follows.

-Destruction procedure
The information entered by the user is transferred to a separate DB (separate documents in the case of paper) after the purpose is achieved and stored for a certain period of time in accordance with internal policies and other related laws, or destroyed immediately. At this time, the personal information transferred to the DB will not be used for any other purpose unless required by law.

-Destruction period
The user's personal information shall be destroyed within 5 days from the end of the retention period if the retention period of the personal information has elapsed, or within 5 days from the date when the personal information is recognized as unnecessary, such as the achievement of the purpose of processing the personal information, the abolition of the service, or the termination of the business.



6. Installation, operation and rejection of automatic personal information collection devices

OVJECT uses 'cookies' to store and retrieve usage information to provide individualized customized services. Cookies are small amounts of information that the server (http) used to operate the website sends to the user's computer browser and are also stored on the hard disk of the user's PC computer. A. Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide optimized information to users by identifying the type of visit and use of each service and website visited by users, popular search terms, secure connection status, etc. B. Installation, operation and rejection of cookies: You can reject the storage of cookies by setting the option in the Tools>Internet Options>Privacy menu at the top of the web browser. C. If you refuse to save cookies, you may experience difficulties in using customized services.


7. Creating a privacy officer


OVJECT ('apps and sites serviced by OVJECT' hereinafter referred to as 'OVJECT') is responsible for the overall handling of personal information, and designates a personal information protection officer as follows to handle complaints and damage relief from information subjects related to the handling of personal information.

Personal Information Protection Officer
Name :Lee, Junyoung
Position :Designer
Position :PM
Contact :01099200999, arutha84@gmail.com,
This link will take you to the department in charge of personal information protection.

▶ Personal Information Protection Department
Department :Design Team
Accountants :Junyoung Lee
Contact :01099200999, arutha84@gmail.com,
② The information subject may contact the personal information protection officer and the department in charge for all personal information protection-related inquiries, complaints, damage relief, etc. that occurred while using the services (or business) of OVJECT ('apps and sites provided by OVJECT' hereinafter referred to as 'OVJECT'). OVJECT ('apps and sites serviced by OVJECT' hereinafter 'OVJECT') will answer and process inquiries from the information subject without delay.



8. Changes to the Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy shall be applied from the effective date, and if there are any additions, deletions, or corrections of changes in accordance with laws and policies, we will notify you through a notice 7 days before the implementation of the changes.



9. Measures to ensure the safety of personal information ('OVJECT') takes technical/administrative and physical measures necessary to ensure safety as follows in accordance with Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act.

1. Conducting regular self-audits
OVJECT conducts self-audits on a regular basis (once a quarter) to ensure stability in handling personal information.

2. Minimization and training of employees handling personal information
We implement measures to manage personal information by designating and minimizing the number of employees who handle personal information.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
